hey everybody welcome to Mahalo I am
Julie and I am your guitar instructor
and I am going to teach you a very
pretty love song today by Miss Colbie
Caillat I believe that's how you say her
last name
Callay this is falling for you so
there's a couple different ways to play
this one but I think this is the easy
way to play it so I'm going to show you
this you want a capo on the fourth fret
of your guitar and then for your intro
and your verse you want to use these
chords you want C major
which is three to open one and open and
then C major seven which is basically a
C major C major shape but remove your
first finger so that the B string is
open and then you're gonna play F major
seven all aren't you lucky no barring
today F major seven which is
three three two one open no bar and then
G major which I'm playing in this
position three two open open open and
three so I'm also strumming all
downstrokes here like this
so see
C major 7 F major 7
gee that's your intro continue on into
the verse like this
they major set of it and have
now we're into our pre-chorus
that was easy pre course we need these
chords we need back to F major seven and
then e minor so open to to open open
open D minor which is open D then two
three one on the high E string and then
back to C major same strumming pattern
like this
so so again that's a
a minor
D minor
see and now we are going to do the
second half of that pre course we go
back to F major seven then e minor again
for one beat and then a minor which is
open two three one and open and then we
have like a walk-up kind of thing with
these chords we have D minor E minor F
major seven G major so the second half
of that pre-chorus G minor a minor and E
minor B minor F G so I'm going to put it
all together for you guys starting at
the beginning of that pre-course so
start again with F major seven
to F major seven
now we're in our course in the chorus
same as the verse so we go back to E
major seven major seven
see
go back to the verse repeat it go back
to the pre-chorus in the chorus bridge
10 bridge done so we need these chords a
minor D minor F major seven E minor and
G major so now on the a minor in the D
minor you could just kind of hold them
and let them ring out like this get D
minor my heart is breaking then that's
it that's the G minor
one two back to chorus
me
C major seven
take
voluntary
again more times me
where you see
you and on c-major there you go guys
pretty simple pretty fun how to play
falling for you by Colbie Caillat howdy
y'all
thanks a lot for watching be sure to
LIKE comment and subscribe and if you
would like to learn how to play more
country music on guitar check out these
videos or go to Mahalo comm slash play
guitar